Mithril update 2024-03-13 (#356)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-03-13-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-03-13-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team kept implementing the data type for certifying Cardano transactions within Mithril networks: they completed the adaptation of the Mithril explorer to support Cardano transaction verification, kept improving its UI, fixed the bug that prevented the signature of some Conway era transactions, implemented a more robust transactions parser and started providing metadata about the point of the chain used during the verification process. Additionally, they have completed the optimization of the communications of the Mithril nodes and the Cardano node with the finalization of the Pallas chain observer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team kept implementing the data type for certifying Cardano transactions within Mithril networks: they completed the adaptation of the Mithril explorer to support Cardano transaction verification, kept improving its UI, fixed the bug that prevented the signature of some Conway era transactions, implemented a more robust transactions parser, and started providing metadata about the point of the chain used during the verification process. Additionally, they have completed the optimization of the communications of the Mithril nodes and the Cardano node with the finalization of the Pallas chain observer.
```

> Finally, the team enhanced the handling of logs in the CLI of the Mithril nodes and investigated some remaining flakiness in the E2E test in the CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the team enhanced the handling of logs in the CLI of the Mithril nodes and investigated some remaining flakiness in the end-to-end test in the CI.
```
